oh now I'm back again while you wait
these in stopped the stores almost going
Immediately I miss the sale
d
type asleep oh i don't want him to wake up
to make
by the way, shopping with daisy is no
lolletje
I ask if a woman just jans up
wants to fit she stays firm wants to sleep until
I'm back
oh no you my coat gray your baby
The little ones have harder strong now the
trick I just succeeded
hi welcome to this school
ours have gone completely crazy
they see
oh luck
I already had that on offer
new term think real flax
shoot
branch then is sold separately but
he go such a bad day
yeah just like that kid you crazy i got fast
the house at columns mother black
wing
good
what we say to my mannequin but me
she wanted to leave me alone
that thing is way too expensive meaning they come
are in ticket sales
well then they have the two percent
picked up young boy say you get then
it goes for if you get one for free
surprise
well then from there you get to every one
purchase joke mystic
sorry free t-shirt beautiful
azuri think of shane you already have one
closet full of robot dolls plans
Mattie had for yourself this man is so
we like that we are this seller i said no
Hi
and mama left the robot house again
sometimes buy
look that is at least useful and still
cheap too
give work clothes how much they had
the hours that you should at least
you look
the push-up bras are just for the laundry
as they should be with the cat wants
fit don't do anything gives nothing to
to push
this whore genes are great this
yet
well you are pretty picky for you
age say oh and this one seems like this
on a cake with sugar anyway
get it now baby everything in the
clearance is by definition good 4 bowl
fits you
we buy a breeze
for a moment I still need underwear
this one does take it from a root
oh there is so much nicer without being smart
for embarrassment put away or super slim there
street and then he bag for candy and
he is genius staring at
oh i know they already think i am this
the bright and that hate thinking is whole
often well the magazines man in any case
then
and that is half blind but still
yes it looks like a book of colors poly
but that is why it doesn't stay off
mean it hello i can still remember so well
Remember that shopping is not annoying
was talked about annoying
oh are you sure this is not me i make
I is useful for my baby from me
and if you want me to have a robot for you
you can buy a lot better
be good and very quiet
kees so ready i have everything we go
home yes that's with it than you would
if I was afraid I said you had to
behave if you didn't want that thing
I would buy it too
know your man you look very much like becky
broke
You have certainly been to the magazine man
but you better not here we come
have a fit yet indicted
hey that old soul is a grow than he
it does taste though look in particular on
the teapot patricia since you put it on
to hold
the people want another one
signature stress have made of
tried your credit nice but you get it
that robot doesn't like the shag cash
or credit card and it is common to
Saying that I don't seem to like the TV star
that I believe you by it is only one
man everyone in the store is after you
you have to look at it
I am indeed sitting there looking at me like I am
to wave with a flag or like
it gets that robot i tell you grab
you don't need anything I want to know you and
really what you want from you
what my house walk yes yes and get away